
experience

american lycetuff
february 2018 - present
graphic designer
dnk school system
qurasheez designs
2019 - present
graphic designer
self owned company - freelancing
designing exposure - national & international
al-ilm academy
july 2019 - present
assistant organizer
rise to success
arban store
social media marketer

workshop


jan 2017 nov 2018
medipakpharma
nov 2018 nov 2019
clearpath orthodontics


p. experience



portfolio


https://www.behance.net/waqascreative
to

areas of intrest:


































 general administration
 client service / customer
support
 team management




experience

september 2019–present
customer services• team lead • mindbridge
may 2019–september 2019
customer services• representative • ibex
may 2018–april 2019
human resource• senior executive • style textiles
september 2017–may 2018
human resource• executive • medcare mso



experience

fashion designer, taleen by hamza siddique
i have been working as corporate internee as a fashion designer at taleen by hamza siddique
for two months in 2019.
social worker, district headquators hospital.
i have been working with dhq hospital gujranwala as a social worker in 2018. my duties were
including special services to the patients and raised funds for dar ul emaan center.

usher, pakistan fashion design council
i have been working as usher in pfdc l’oreal paris bridal weak 2015 in front stage
management team 2015.


event director, punjab group of colleges
i have been working as an event director in punjab group of colleges. i conducted farewells and
welcome parties of college campus.


page 1 of 3




experiences


2020 - todate   republic   lahore
fashion designer
luxury | formal | unstitched


2017 - 2019   limelight   lahore
fashion designer
pret designing | formal | unstitched | cutlines


2014 to 2016   emaan adeel   lahore
head, design department
responsible for concept design to the final product
designed formal wear & digital lawn prints and embroidery
incharge of recruitment | training | procurement related to sampling |
studio & outdoor shoots


2012-2014   motifz    lahore
lead designer
layouting | sketch making | ada work | color scheming | stitching patterns |
market survey and purchasing

2010-2012   pamco   lahore
chief coordinator one year
managed & arranged women gatherings, trainings & events
provided trainings sessions to 1000s of women regarding kitchen
gardening & creative lifestyles in model town, lahore for the pamco
under the supervision of cm punjab in punjab agriculture & meat co.


2009-2010  university of greenwich, uk pakistan
recruitment officer
advised 1000s of pakistani students on higher education procedures and assisted
in conducting            5-star seminars & exhibitions in karachi, lahore, islamabad,
pindi, gujranwala, sargodha etc.

2009   top designs   lahore
personal project 25 designs
designing of western dresses for prive manufacturer from germany


page 3 of 3

2009     hajra hayat  lahore
boutique supervisor
client handling | order building | illustrations creation

2008   generation   lahore


internee

received 3 months internship






freelance



projects



project based designer
time to time worked on various articles/design/projects for different brands
unstitched | formal | chiffon | luxury | lawn




leenah
aqeel
graphic designer
contact me: leenahaqeel@hotmail.com
leenahaqeel@gmail.com
professional
history:
graphic design lead
youngshaper's
april 2020 - september 2020
i voluntarily worked for
youngshaper's. the tasks that
were assigned to me included;
posts for instagram and
facebook. i was also asked to
design a newspaper ad. which
was published in the local
newspaper. other than these, i
designed badges and posters for
marketing and merchandise.
i worked with them from the
beginning to the end of their
project and played a role in the
social media management as
well.


areas of expertise:


graphic designer current
london college of
professional studies
november 2020 - present
i was tasked to design posts for
instagram, facebook, google,
etc.
i made promotional videos for
the educational courses, and
animated social media posts.
oher than this, i was also a part
of the content writing and
social media management
team.
content creation
graphic design
social media management
partner relations
events planning
press releases and other marketing
collaterals


experience


irfan younas fine art wedding
image editing 4 month

rehan software house
layout designing 1 month

webitech corporation
graphic designing continue




professional experience



jazz formally known as mobilink – feb’13 till date
specialist quality assurance
 ensuring better customer experience by evaluating customer interaction at contact
center
 identification of team’s and individual development areas through evaluations followed
by performance improvement plan for better customer experience
 one on one coaching session and trainings for low performers against highlighted areas
of improvement
 periodic review and update of processes, standard guidelines with latest changes and
requirements for better customer facilitation
 evaluation, coaching and mentoring of outbound teams to improve overall up-sell and
other assigned projects
 provided support to outsource partners in contact centre outsourcing project, added
value in transition phase by handling immediate issues and escalations
 developed performance management, analytical & training skills through current role
 period health checks, test calls, trend analysis and spot checks to gauge and improve
customer experience in specific scenarios

royal palm golf & country club lahore - feb' 12 to nov'12
sales & marketing executive
 membership sales and member services
 branding and marketing of venues at royal palm
 marketing and customer handling of super cinema
 managing cine club card project



rafi peer theatre workshop lahore - sept'10 to jun'11
marketing executive
 promoting & marketing the cultural centre’s activities and events that include the
puppet museum; arts & crafts shops; peeru’s café & bus project.
 managing national and international festivals.
 successfully managed the 9th youth performing arts festival 2010
 worked on international sufi mystic festival and international puppet festival
 managing the company’s facebook page


mobilink gsm lahore - dec’07 to sep'10
customer care executive
 responded to client initiated inquiries about company’s products and services.
 promoted and sold company’s products and services through outbound calls.
 ensured that efficiency targets were achieved.
 provided quick solution to customer complaints.
 ensured that the customer’s complaint was handled at first point of contact.
 ensured client retention through quality customer service.

pakistan telecommunication ltd. lahore - jun’ 07 to dec' 07
customer care executive
 worked in the company’s broadband department answering clients’ queries about the
dsl service.
 handled calls regarding basic trouble shooting.



job and experience:

 worked at nishat linen organization as designer in design studio
 worked at call centre in ptcl company
 worked at beacon house school as teacher


experience

oct 2019 - dec 2020 graphic designer
aimfit fitness studio, lahore, pakistan
excellent
apr 2019 - jul 2019 graphic designer
bravo cabs, lahore, pakistan


good

feb 2019 - apr 2019 graphic designer
saba soft, lahore, pakistan


work experience

sr. fashion/textile designer
sassi design office by maha traders
02/2020 - present,
managing resources in design team / responsible for design
projects execution
making fashion illustrations / sketching
textile prints lawn and winter volume
chiffon pret embroidery
manage all social media presence of the company
sr. fashion designer/production manager
mannat by shehnila
04/2019 - 01/2020,
responsible for planning and directing the design projects
to visit each section time to time and check the working of staff
to ensure smooth working of each section of production
department
to ensure sampling and production of designs
visit each stitching unit to ensure proper workflow
responsible to manage stock in fashion pakistan lounge
responsible for guidance of in-house workers
managing all social media handles
fashion designer
hana clothing
01/2018 - 04/2019,
making fashion sketches and illustrations
making pret, bridal and ready to wear
to ensure sampling and production of designs
fashion/textile designer
wq print studio
10/2016 - 06/2018,
lahore, pakistan


personal projects

trade fare 2020 collection
working for international fair
ncba&e art exhibition 2017
lawn volume designer for mini brand islamabad
2017


work experience

2016-present
sefam pvt. ltd minnie minors, rang ja & chinyere
managing campaign and e-commerce
shoots, designing print and digital
campaigns, handling all creative content,
launch events and outdoor media.
creative head
& art director
2015-2016
lacas shool networks
managing all design and marketing
contents for the school as well as
organizing events and activities.
design lead
2013-2015
oroad studios
web -design, ui & ux design, branding
and social media content
graphic designer


experience

jan 2018 - may 2020 lead designer/creative director
sucsel, lahore, pakistan
responsible for all design and direction, which are mainly social media design. top
fashion brands of pakistan.!
jan 2017 - jan 2018 sr. graphic designer/ visual merchandiser
outfitters pvt. limited, lahore, pakistan
i am in visual merchandise department. responsible for all kind of graphic design work
which are in store/ out store branding, shopping bags, windows display design, art
work, manual design and also doing visual merchandising of stores with my team....
aug 2015 - dec 2016 product designer/ graphic designer
us apparel & textiles pvt. ltd., lahore, pakistan
working in creative department. responsible for branding design, presentation design,
look books, photography and all kind of graphic design.
sep 2013 - aug 2015 coordinator/ lecturer
step iadm lahore, lahore, pakistan


projects


my portfolio link below
https://www.behance.net/moazzam471
please follow my work.


experience

vfairs
customer success manager
august 2020 - present 10 months
aftab associates pvt. ltd
11 months
manager
april 2020 - august 2020 5 months
lahore, punjab, pakistan
deputy manager
october 2019 - august 2020 11 months
starcom
junior associate - client servicing
july 2016 - june 2018 2 years


experience   3 years

https://www.usmclothing.com/ 2.3 years
design lead
dec 2018 - mar 2021
nishat textile 1 year
textile artist
nov 2017 - nov 2018
archi dot 3 months
interior designer
aug 2017 - nov 2017
hsy 2 months
fashion designer / textile designer
jul 2017 - sep 2017
hira terry mills pvt limited 11 months
assistance supervisor
aug 2013 - jul 2014


hobbies

singing
acting
humman philosophy
• supervising the making up of sample garments
• quality control.
nishat textile nov 2017 - nov 2018   1 year
textile artist lahore, pakistan
in nishat linen, i am working as a textile artist only responsible for the design construction, fabric forecasting, fashion forecasting,
archi dot aug 2017 - nov 2017   3 months
interior designer lahore, pakistan
i am working as an interior decorator in archi dot. create wall hangings, windows for brands. the most prominent project is national music
academy.
hsy jul 2017 - sep 2017   2 months
fashion designer / textile designer lahore, pakistan
tracing embroidery designs and sourcing material from markit
hira terry mills pvt limited aug 2013 - jul 2014   11 months
assistance supervisor lahore, pakistan
my job is here to examine ist sample in terms of warp and weft. and bring the report to the supervisor to give me permission to start
production


projects


photoshoot art direction nov 2020 - dec 2020 1 month
company: monarchy ™ / hassan qureshi
https://monarchy.pk/
tools: photoshop, mind map, decorative objects ,wall hangings, models, lights,
in this project, i am responsible for all the sets, and managing the whole shoot.
page 1 of 1
graphic designer ui designer


experience

jan 2020 - present graphic designer ui designer
rebrand, lahore, pakistan
i'm senior graphic designer at rebrand. my responsibilities in rebrand are web layouts
designs brand identity & stationary design print collateral designs like brochure, flyer,
business card etc social media posts
may 2019 - jan 2020 graphic designer ui designer
thecustomboxes, lahore, pakistan
i was team leader at tcb. my responsibilities included web layout designs logo
designing print collateral designs packaging designs social media post designs
jun 2018 - mar 2019 ui designer
millions miles tech, lahore, pakistan
i was ui designer at mmt. my responsibilities included apps ui designs game ui
designs games/apps logo, icon, mockup & banner.


experience



experience

zafees 2 months internship as fashion designer
ms tauguisha 1 year work as a free lancer

internships



nov 2017 i april 2017 i nov 2016
hsy i fahad hussayn
july 2011 1july 2010
lahore international
bridal couture week
tourism expo
ushering l managing i coordinating
april 2014
with designers backstage
20!0 12011
conducted a fashion workshop young leaders entrepreneurial summit
at the new school lahore university of management scicnces
dec 2011 feb 2008
i


experience


1. bunny’s limited lhr:  feb n mar     graphic designer   2018
2. allied school model town a bwp           art teacher                2011
3. govt. special education jppw 14bs     art teacher            2009
4. united bank limited bwp                              lso                 2008



experience

optiwise, bhatta chowk, lhr— graphic designer
oct 2020 - present
swift solutions, gulberg— graphic designer
feb 2019 - sept 2020
mindslab, gulberg— frontend developer
feb 2017 - feb 2019


projects


batransfer, peurika, fazal din pharma plus,
optiwise solutions, agr tech, sania’s signature
salon, sujag, neo dental hub, ab hair
salon, gibs
all designs and visuals posted and used in these brands are designed
by me.


experience

2019 - present vantage printers
graphic designer
catered to creative artwork including corporate annual
reports, label and packaging designs, logo design,
corporate branding and other print media designs.
2018 packages limited lahore
pre press graphic designer
arranging the artwork of carton packaging according
to	the	offset	machine	limitations	and	applying
techniques to make them more attractive and
functional.
2017 - 2018 digital agencies
opus communication, brandzila
graphic designer
creating	mostly	social	media	ad	designs	for	different
brands	including	coffee	planet,	ceres	fruit	juice,	diet	by
design,	profine,	roosters,	etc.
references on request


experience

c o n s i l i u m   r e m o t e 
nov 2018 -  dec 2018
graphic designer
s o f t  g l o b a l  t e c h
feb 2019 -  apr 2020
web / graphic designer
t a r i q  g l a s s  i n d u s t r i e s  l t d
june 2020 -  current
assistant manager graphic designer


core skills:

• adobe photoshop
• adobe aftereffects
• adobe illustrator
• good eye for details
• digital illustrations
graphic designer | upwork freelance
upwork is a global online marketplace offering tasks and services, be-
ginning at a cost of $5-$1000+ per job performed, from where it gets
its name.
january 2019 -  present
• created designs, concepts and sample layouts based on knowledge of
layouts and aesthetic design concepts.
• worked as graphic designer specialized in adobe photoshop  for flyers,
brochures, logos, and web design.
• created digital illustrations for website layouts.
• prepared hand and digital illustrations for t-shirt design
• repeated pattern designs on adobe illustartor for client.
• created thumbnails for 3 different youtube channels.
• conceptualized logo design, gif animation, videos, websites, and social
media channels to promote product brand.
• developed creative advertising content for various media, including flyers,
instagram posts, posters and banner images while ensuring maximum brand
awareness of target audience/market.
• 2d animated videos: motion graphics and simple animation videos.
page 1 of 2


experience

2d animator | zj animation studio
march 2019 -  present
• work as 2d animator for zj animation youtube channel.
• create custom illustration for video graphics
• edit videos in aftereffects; align timings of audio and texts accurately while
preparing a creative video thumbnails for uploading.
assistant fashion designer/stylist | hinash by hina salman
april 2020 - september 2020
• prepared illustrations and rough sketches of fashion illustrations,
• discussed with clients their preferences and customized according to their
needs.
• organized and managed various campaigns and displayed collections on
behalf of hinash.
social media handling
august 2020 - december 2020
• managed instagram and facebook pages for skingen.com, skin clinic by
neelam saher and skin healers.
• developed creative content for clients’ social media pages.
• collabrated closely with the management team to understand customer’s
need to create effective content.
• developed social media strategies to promote companies’ products and
increase followers.


personal projects

• digital pattern designing’s of dresses for a campaign.
• creative head for a campaign based on rajistani theme.
• led a fashion shoot in thar for the campaign sited above.
• led the creative process and developed contemporary style themed dress.
• led a campaign shoot in karachi.
• worked on a personal collection of 5 dresses, from designing to execution
of the dresses.
social media management
• instagram
• facebook


experience

i had worked closely with many clients to create
vision, conceive designs and consistently meet
deadlines and requirements. i had also worked in
“w group” and “confinito media” as a graphic
designer.
creative graphic designer with innovative ideas and a
unique approach to visuals and i am also a social media
marketer. more than one  year of experience in
developing designs for print media, online websites,
videos, and advertisments. solid understanding of
marketing principles and advertising techniques.
great attention to detail and a talent for creating
memorable visual designs.


contact


https://www.behance.net/mrhamzazahid


experience

musharp
manager, customer success
february 2021 - present 4 months
lahore, punjab, pakistan
build strong relationships with customers and collaborate with cross-functional
teams
create and implement processes that would encourage exceptional support
and ensure success
understand customer requests, prioritize them, work together with colleagues
to establish solutions and ensure they are implemented to the customers
satisfaction within their slas.
generate reports and present them to highlight the success of the team
develop and manage client portfolios.
sustain business growth and profitability by maximizing value.
analyze customer data to improve customer experience.
mediate between clients and the organization.
handle and resolve customer requests and complaints.
troubleshoot problems and provide solutions
aid in product design and product development.
work on jira for efficient resource planning
conduct regular coaching and counseling with the team to build motivation and
up- selling skills.
page 1 of 7

provide timely feedback to the company regarding service issues, bug issues
or customer concerns
other projects, tasks and duties as assigned
quality resource pvt ltd
customer success lead
june 2020 - february 2021 9 months
lahore, punjab, pakistan


responsibilities:

- responsible for the on-boarding,performance and development of the
assigned customer success team
- troubleshoot problems and provide solutions
- handle complaints, provide appropriate solutions within time limits and follow
up to ensure resolution
- coordinate with the operations or enablement manager and director
to execute and implement success strategies that ensures attainment of
company sales goals and profitability
- provide timely feedback to the company regarding service issues, bug issues
or customer concerns
- prepare action plans by individuals, as well as by team for effective up-selling
and customer success
- assist in the development and implementation of success plan plans and
strategies as needed
- effectively communicate with internal and external partners to understand
training and development needs and to provide insight for the improvement of
the customer retention and success
- provide timely, accurate prospect applications submitted for pricing and
approval docusign, while striving to maintain maximum profit margin.
- maintain accurate records of all pricing, sales and activity reports submitted
by
- adhere to all company policies, procedures and business ethics codes and
ensure that they are communicated and implemented within the team.
- ensure that the assigned team meets or exceeds all activity standards for
prospecting calls, emails,demo presentations and closes.
- set examples for the team in areas of personal character, commitment,
organizational selling skills and work habit.
- conduct regular coaching and counseling with the team to build motivation
and up-selling skills.
other projects, tasks and duties as assigned.
page 2 of 7

ibex | global pakistan
corporate trainer
april 2020 - june 2020 3 months
lahore district, punjab, pakistan
- authored, updated, and implemented training procedures.
- held online and conference call training sessions to accommodate off-site
employees.
- monitored employee progress and gave feedback to management and
additional training requirements.
- developed and led number of new hire batches training sessions for western
union.
- held demonstrations and one-on-one coaching sessions based on quality
assurance feedback.
- developed training programs to meet company objectives.
improved organizational efficiency and control by making sure the trainees that
go live don't get strikes and follow the 3 strike rule.
- conducted mock sessions with the trainees, to help them navigate the
system once they are live.
- conducted on the job training with any new western union updates.
keeptruckin
1 year 1 month
operations team lead
january 2020 - april 2020 4 months
lahore, pakistan
• assist with daily operations
• tracking loads and ensuring best service
• coach and counsel team members and help them grow
• develop relations with customers and carriers to ensure future business
• making sure the processes are followed through
• listening to calls and developing trainings to help team grow
• having team building exercises
• conducting refreshers, short trainings to ensure performance
load coverage representative
april 2019 - january 2020 10 months
lahore, pakistan
• finding carriers to haul available loads
• track the loads and making sure that the load reaches its full cycle
• handling inbound calls and sourcing trucks
page 3 of 7

• maintaining relationships with carriers and ensuring long term relations
• providing impeccable service to the customers and carriers to ensure
ongoing business
• multi tasking on several loads to ensure on time picks and deliveries
• keeping sales managers informed and updated throughout the process
ibex | global pakistan
sales executive
april 2018 - april 2019 1 year 1 month
lahore, pakistan
• handling inbound calls
• upselling to existing customers
• cross selling different providers on branded calls where applicable
• placing orders and scheduling installations
• meeting daily targets and fulfilling monthly targets
• working under pressure and performing well
digital-altitude
customer care call centre team lead
september 2016 - april 2018 1 year 8 months
• assists the manager with daily operation of the call centre to include the
development, analysis and implementation of staffing, training, scheduling and
reward/recognition programs.
• works as a member/leader of special or ongoing projects that are important
to area/process improvement.
• shares continual responsibility for deciding how to manage the employees,
ensuring calls are handled efficiently and effectively.
• uses appropriate judgment in upward communication regarding department
or employee concerns.
• taking inbound phone calls and answering general customer support
enquiries
• handling registrations for event attendees via phone or online
• outbound customer support calls
• general customer care and assisting with issues and questions
• listening to call recordings and creating individual trainings and
reinforcements and analysing the performance of the employees on weekly
basis
• any additional tasks that are assigned.
page 4 of 7

mobe.com
10 months
customer service center manager
july 2016 - september 2016 3 months
kuala lumpur, malaysia
responsible for instruction and communication with employees to ensure
customer service calls are answered in a timely, efficient, expert, and
knowledgeable manner.
assigns outbound calls to team and tracks prompt “callback” time
provides continual evaluation of processes and procedures.
responsible for suggesting methods to improve area operations, efficiency
and service to both inbound and outbound customers.
provides video recorded bi-weekly one-on-one staff training to sharpen sales
tactics, phone etiquette, hold time communication, proper verbiage, and
improving.
establishes work protocols and processes general office policies, breaks,
call log, attendance and schedule rosters, etc. that support the company and
departmental standards, procedures, and strategic directives.
provides statistical and performance feedback, and coaching on a regular
basis.
drafts and administers performance reviews for overall skill improvement.
is available for employees who experience work and/or personal problems
providing appropriate coaching, counseling, direction and resolution.
ensures employees have access to team meetings and  appropriate,
consistent team education sessions as well as other resources to perform in
their roles.
responds to and resolves any applicable employee relation issues.
creates and maintains a high-quality, positive work environment so team
members are motivated to perform at the highest level.
addresses disciplinary and/or performance problems according to company
policy.
prepares pip and communicates effectively with employees on pip and makes
effective/appropriate decisions relative to corrective action as required
posts sales goals and strategies to improve conversion rates and customer
retention
interviews, screens, trains, and educates all team members on fluency of
product knowledge and processes within the company
develops and updates company phone scripts, instructional videos, and all
related training and operational materials
page 5 of 7

customer service team leader
may 2016 - july 2016 3 months
- assists the manager with daily operation of the call center to include the
development, analyses and implementation of staffing, training, scheduling
and reward/recognition programs.
-works as a member/leader of special or ongoing projects that are important to
area/process improvement.
-shares continual responsibility for deciding how to manage the employees,
ensuring calls are handled efficiently and effectively.
-uses appropriate judgment in upward communication regarding department
or employee concerns.
-taking inbound phone calls and answering general customer support
enquiries
-handling registrations for event attendees via phone or online
-outbound customer support calls
-general customer care and assisting with issues and questions
-any additional tasks that are assigned
customer service representative
december 2015 - april 2016 5 months


responsibilities:

-taking inbound phone calls and answering general customer support
enquiries
-handling registrations for event attendees via phone or online
-outbound customer support calls
-general customer care and assisting with issues and questions
granada international school
assistant coordinator
november 2011 - march 2013 1 year 5 months
pakistan


responsibilities:

-  making daily, weekly, monthly and semester time tables
-  coordinating and managing class timings and classroom utilization
-  assisting with organizing school events and parent-teacher meetings
-  developing activity plans in coordination with teachers
-  help resolving time management issues and addressing concerns brought
forth by
student/parents
-  ensuring administrative processes are followed by staff
page 6 of 7

saadia mirza virtues
sales account executive
september 2010 - october 2011 1 year 2 months
pakistan


responsibilities:

-  meeting monthly sales targets
-  presenting weekly sales reports
-  building client relationships and managing calendar appointments
-  inventory management
-  overlooking partial supply chain and ensuring orders are met in a timely
fashion


work experience

2017-2018
2020-2021
graphic designer
ui/ux graphic designer
sr graphic designer at
topnotch innovative technologies.
sr graphic designer at webworks.pk
2018-2020
junior artist

page 1 of 1
senior graphic designer


experience

dec 2019 - present senior graphic designer
brazos grafix, lahore, usa
i am perfotional graphic designer
sep 2019 - present graphic designer /animation gif video
solution surface, lahore, pakistan
i am perfotional graphic designer
aug 2018 - sep 2019 graphic designer /animation gif
ja tech inc, lahore, pakistan
i am perfotional graphic designer


experience: 6 years


zero makeup 2019 – head of customer success e-commerce.
working on the following portfolios:
currently working.

 managing strong term relationship with customers by staying in constant communication and
efficiently resolving issues with alternate solutions tailored to individual needs.
 serving as a product, company, and industry ambassador.
 presenting weekly, quarterly and annual customer success reports to the board members and
ceo of the company that contributes the team effort by obtaining related results as needed.
 providing optimized brand experience, resolving customer issues proactively and ensuring
customers goals are met.
 evaluation of risk management for each customer and proactively evading dissatisfaction or lost
business.
 identifying and prioritizing product/service updates that reflects customers request, industry,
market and competitor trends and report to key stake holders
 providing insights and relaying the voice of customers to internal teams, including sales,
marketing, and product inventory technical support, operations, finance and logistics.
 delivering premium customer satisfaction for all queries coming in through socials, mobile, email,
chats, and other channels.
 24/7 active on crm, project management tools and analytics dashboard
 designing and coordinating the process of imports and exports of products by enabling direct
coordination with blue-ex dhl and tcs.
 organizing integral internal and external coordination with the kryolan germany


khaadi pakistan 2018 - cxp client experience and product specialist e-commerce.
worked on the following portfolios:

 managed liaising and negotiating with internationally based logistics and courier company such
as synergy uk, royal mail uk, and dhl usa.
 utilized modern product management by being a key contributor to the establishment of improved
product development processes
 formation of standard practices such as complaints and trouble shooting
 collaborating with cross functional team with consolidation of customer service, business
development, sales, marketing, technical and finance department
 determined customer contact strategy and targeting to derive engagement created systematic
process to measure customer requirement by using crm and csat process
 worked closely with product management team to deal with 3pl and maintained overall
operation system and process management.


rocket internet gmbh – daraz.pk 2015
team lead customer experience –
warrantors and returns working on the following portfolios:

 managing warranty team and warranty issues.
 designed warranty process and implemented.
 handling return issues.
 worked on returns process in order to provide timely refund to customers.
 coordination with brand infinix & innjoo stakeholders.
 controlling and monitoring the wip.
 records of receiving the claims.
 responsible to run the operation smoothly within policies and save time / money.
 handling warranty of different products.
 generate voucher codes.
 record details of inquiries, comments and complaints.
 communicate and coordinate with receiving and other internal departments.
 deal directly with 3pl.
 tracking on order deliveries from dms delivery management system.
 verify inventory available in stock.
 liaison between marketing and logistics department.
 working with issue resolution team.
 handling issues faced by customers and resolve them within a time frame.
 daraz.pk online store

customer support / digital media and chats support,
team lead of 14 employees.

 resolves product or service problems by clarifying the customer's complaint; determining the
cause of the problem; selecting and explaining the best solution to solve the problem; expediting
correction or adjustment; following up to ensure resolution.
 maintains financial accounts by processing customer adjustments.
 recommends potential products or services to management by collecting customer information
and analyzing customer needs.
 prepares product or service reports by collecting and analyzing customer information.
 contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.
 handling customers and everything related to them on every platform
  inbound/outbound support
 make inbound/ outbound calls to potential clients in order.
 perform data entry services for the company in regards to punching in customer information, call
logs and successful sales.
 answered telephone inquiries on products, and services.
 resolved problems of clients.
 also perform as an acting supervisor in some conditions.
 process and q.a
 over all operations system and process management


tpl tracker pvt ltd: 2014

i have worked as an operations executive on eitv project at tpl tracker pvt ltd on the
following portfolios:

 preparing trip records
 preparing reports
 monitoring and controlling assets


internship experience 2013
i have worked as an intern at askari bank ltd karachi on the following portfolios of banking:
 remittances and accounts
 clearing and deposits

education/academics:


 bachelors in commerce 1st division
 bachelors in technology 3.5 cgpa
 intermediate commerce a grade
 diploma of associate engineering a grade
 matriculation a grade







profile

▪ graduated in mba marketing from iba, pu, lahore session 2013-15
▪ more than 5 years sales/marketing experience with b2b, b2c, & c2c business development strategies in
mechanical engineering industry for elevator & escalators services company.
▪ more than 6.6 years’ experience in customer services, crm for jazz telecom, formerly warid telecom pvt
ltd. & standard chartered bank, pakistan ltd.
▪ intermediate knowledge in e-commerce.
▪ expert in online sales, marketing research, social media marketing, brand building & product specialist.
▪ expert in time management, team management, team building & leadership.
▪ expert in project & marketing management.
▪ expert in customer services, crm, business analysis, financial analysis & business forecast.



trainings & internships



internship



bank alfalah pvt ltd. www.bankalfalah.com
hr internee – 2008, 6 weeks



experience

bzw
customer success manager
february 2021 - present 4 months
pakistan
ibex | global pakistan
customer service specialist
january 2020 - may 2021 1 year 5 months
mindbridge private limited
customer support specialist
may 2017 - january 2020 2 years 9 months
7 kashmir road,  opposite to lda plaza, shimla pahari lahore.
vector dynamix
senior sales executive
february 2017 - september 2017 8 months
lahore, punjab, pakistan
page 1 of 2



professional experiences:



chinyere bareeze, sefam     aug, 2019-present
• fashion designer at chinyere formals


responsibilities:

• deciding the direction for the collection
• working on the colour palette for each season
• working on the design sketches and fabrication
• giving directions to the motive developer and multi head puncher for
the designs
• giving directions for machine and adda work
• presenting the complete design range to the ceo every season
• forwarding the approved designs with tech packs to the production
department

dapaali couture      2016-july,2019
• creative head at a womenswear, make-to-order, designer-wear label


responsibilities:

• deciding the direction for the designs
• approving colour palette
• finalising the design sketches
• finalising the fabrication
• sample approving
• giving go-ahead for the production
• approving inline production quality
• approving finished garment

pepperland hkb  boys range      2015
• design manager for the boys range 9 yrs to 14 yrs


responsibilities:

• deciding the direction for the designs
• approving colour palette
• sketching designs
• finalising the graphics for the t-shirts
• approving the tech-packs
• working on the size sheets
• approving samples

crossroads      2009-2016
• head designer at a street-wear brand menswear & womanswear


responsibilities:

• selection of theme at the beginning of each season
• deciding colour palette
• giving design direction to the team
• finalising designs and graphics
• approving designs and graphics
• approving tech packs
• meeting the design merchandiser to place the tech packs
• approving samples
• official visit to guangzhou, china for international buying

noir:      2012-2016
• head designer at an evening-wear formal line “noir” at crossroads

foreign buying:
• design manager assigned for foreign buying at crossroads and noir

shoot campaigns
• working as a stylist for the above mentioned brands in photo-shoots



experience:

• nishat linen – sr. fashion designer           august, 2016 –present
• team lead export u.a.e department

o jalabiya designing uae market.
o nishat pret designing.
o research & development for nishat dubai market
o silhouette research & development
o technicalities, finishing and designs for production
o nisha, unstitch range designing. for shoot and catalog,
o digital and rotary prints for nishat pret.
o embroidery research and development.
o ppc & fashion studio coordinator.

• naurangg couture – assistant fashion designer september 2015 –march, 2016

o fashion illustration development and designing
o embroidery research and development
o customer dealing and order taking

• nishat linen - internship                        august,2015  1 month

o print developments
o embroidery developments
o cuts developments
• tours:
o business tour to istanbul.


work experience


graphic and web designer


work experience

2019 - present fankaar khana company
amazon listing design, images manipulate, flyer,
infographics
job : sr. graphic designer
2015 - 2019 loyal soft solutions company
web templates, banner designs, images manipulate,
wordpress
job : sr. web designer
2011 - 2015 flight tickets company
create websites and mantaine web sites, flyers,
posters, search engine optimizaton


summary

a dedicated and skilled business analyst, commercial analyst, project coordinator, customer support
professional. my forte includes invaluable experience in handling a wide range of assignments ranging from
cost controlling, mis administration, client support, and project support. i bring hands-on experience in the
management of infrastructure, facilities, & functions to ensure bottleneck free operations. i possess a knack for
developing impactful/effective marketing communication that connects with customers. i have a solid grasp of
social media, automation, it systems, databases, web-based systems, and erp enterprise solutions.


experience

customer success manager
3dlifestyle
dec 2020 - present 1 month +
- monthly update the territory manager on the state of territory-wide operations and customer
complaints.
- understand revenue targets for the territory and the breakup among the centers.
- communicate revenue targets to center managers and aesthetic consultants.
- track and monitor all center managers' performance across the central punjab region.
- available as the backup center manager.
- work closely with center managers on arrival ratio.
- update territory manager from time to time regarding the performance of center managers.
- make sure all the facebook live targets and relevant testimonial targets have been achieved.
- maintain reports on a weekly basis and share with the territory manager and executive management
team.
- educate center managers on client retention and educate them regarding new promotions
introduced by the company.
- give training to newly hired center managers in territory.
business analyst
systems limited
feb 2020 - dec 2020 11 months
- supports all aspects such as usage questions, issues, business processes, reporting, and data
quality of the microsoft dynamics ax and associated application components of assigned areas and
modules in a timely manner to meet on-going and changing business requirements.
- acts in an advisory role with insights to systems deficiencies and potential user needs to prevent
issues that may negatively impact the business operations.
- follows and enforces pre-defined standard software development and deployment processes in
functional specifications, user interface and database designs, testing methodology, training, and
change management.
- facilitates the alignment of cross-functional conflicts and gaps to achieve results for optimal corporate
performance.
muhammad asim - page 1
- effectively communicates findings, recommendations, and solutions through meetings, emails,
presentations, documentation, or verbal communications to users with regard to application issues or
enhancements.
- supports and communicates on-site and remotely with the global user base and external resources
across various time zones north america & europe.
- provides both formal and informal training on subjects of expertise on the microsoft dynamics ax
applications to users and reviews user data and reporting per company business processes as part of
quality assurance activities.
- develops proper documentation such as project plans, detailed specifications, test cases, operational
instructions and procedures, and system and user documentation of responsible modules with quality,
utilizing a company or it standardized tools and templates.
- conducts effective project updates, progress reviews, and evaluations with management in a timely
manner and manages priorities within the assigned tasks according to the load and the multiple due
dates.
- resolve problems within microsoft tools being used by the organization like active directory,
exchange & o365, etc.
team coordinator
mindbridge private limited
mar 2019 - feb 2020 1 year
- provide consistent and ongoing mentoring, coaching, and training that focuses on improving call
center leadership, morale, and performance, and employee retention.
- maintain and improve consistency among all levels and departments of the organization regarding call
quality expectations.
- develop a positive team relationship by being supportive, visible, and easily accessible.
- manage, hire, motivate, coach, develop, and retain qr's.
- establish and monitor production standards and adherence to policies.
- resolve production challenges in an urgent, deliberate manner.
- gather and proactively share best practices to help improve the performance of each qr and overall
call center call quality.
- direct team to identify opportunities for process improvement.
client services & customer support specialist
mindbridge private limited
oct 2018 - mar 2019 6 months
- ideate, build and run large-scale experiments to understand user behavior and how we can provide a
better user experience.
- reduce friction for customers by pro-actively identifying and resolving issues.
- run heavy analyses on customer support data to identify and track issue themes.
- direct and advise supervisor staff in providing reports to the management regarding shift operations.
- direct and set standards for quality assurance department.
- prepare reports for management to evaluate project operations.
- analyze and prepare efficiency reports of the different team reporting to me.
- develop innovative and cost-effective sops for clients in order to increase the client's business.
- defining projects/campaigns and targets, monitoring, and allocation of work to each team member
ensuring all work is completed within the given timelines.
- using loop closure techniques to cater to complaints efficiently and providing first call resolution.
muhammad asim - page 2
commercial analyst
dutco group
jan 2014 - sep 2018 4 years 9 months
- established budget and cost control procedures to ascertain the tracking of all project costs.
- provided accurate project manpower costs and forecast based budget.
- reviewed and analyzed budget and expenditures for each project component.
- ensured that payments credit and debit are made duly.
- identified and reported cost overruns/under-spends so that project management can take appropriate
actions.
- regularly visited sites to collate data and to review cost control performance.
- facilitated effective interaction with corporate and technical functions.
- shared project phase leaders and management the business reasons for variances to budget and
investment dossier on a timely basis.
- validated consistency of cost reporting to contracts, change orders, and purchase orders.
- evaluated percentage of completion.
- prepared and provided project cost reports as required.
- played an integral role in the initiative of renoir management consulting to increase productivity;
achieved a 35% improvement in productivity across the site project.
junior assistant - access control internship
mashreq bank
may 2013 - dec 2013 8 months
- utilized applications, software, and tools to supervise all user access management activities by
mashreq bank & subsidiaries users to assure access level role modifications required by the business
in compliance with the bank’s security policies.
- functioned in close collaboration with information security gis team and mashreq it team/vendor
to generate and modify new access roles & groups in different banking applications and resolve user’s
accounts role issues.
- handled user access requests for all mashreq applications with required access according to access
matrix profile as well as managed all service/incident requests within a defined sla period.
- generated and reviewed access matrix, users/role reports of various applications to the department
head, internal audit gia, and external audit as and when required.
- swiftly responded to all audits requested information or observations rose by internal, external audits,
and it qa to fulfill compliance and audit requirement.
- executed gis periodic revised access/role levels for all the mashreq applications & users and realized
access matrix approved by the business department and gis.
- ensured strict compliance with relevant it-department and gis processes/policies while performing
duties.
- actively attended and organized the user management modules training from the application team,
projects team and vendors, etc.

customer success | project management | technical consultancy | tailored solutions



experience

founder at actuane technologies
march 2020 – present
 introducing iot based smart home products in the local market.
 looking after online presence, including but not limited to handling the website, social media
presence.
customer success & product import manager aurea software
october 2019 – march 2020
 onboarding new customers, getting involved with them immediately after the sales is finalized and
then collaborating with them as a dedicated point of contact and see through their success and
ensure that the onboarding has been completed successfully.
 as a customer success manager my responsibilities also included training customers on the product
during the onboarding phase.
 as a product import manager, i created a scope and a project plan for product import, which would
streamline the process for all future products which would be brought into the team's portfolio.
 also lead the technical team for a brief while, streamlining their processes and helping the team to
meet their deadlines while polishing their skills.
enterprise technical support – tier 2 aurea software
june 2015 – september 2019 4 years 4 months
 senior enterprise technical support engineer for messageone email management services email
continuity, aurea email security anti-spam solution and messageone alertfind emergency
notification system at aurea software.
 receiving escalations from the customer facing team for complex issues.
 interacting internally with the operations, engineering, and qa teams as per requirement.
 interactive and training sessions with customers, customer facing and other internal teams to fill-in
the knowledge gap.
 creating user manuals and knowledge base articles both internal and external to fill-in the gaps in
the products documentation.
 delivering results in a dynamic and fast-paced metric driven environment

it executive at dofreeze llc
september 2012 - june 2015 2 years 10 months
 end-user support for more than 40 terminals for office staff.
 complete deployment and implementation of the sales and distribution system software
invan/incube for the organization, looking after all the aspects, from dealing with vendors to the
end user support which included training users and salesmen.
 reporting all the bugs to the developers and getting them fixed.
 generating difference sorts of reports for current progress and future forecasts.
 took part in the deployment of focus rt accounting software.
 proposed solutions for increasing the efficiency of the network and simplifying n centralizing the file
sharing solution.
 deployment of dfs for file sharing and data security in case of disaster.
 deployment of rd web access for certain applications self-research.

it manager at webitech
july 2010 - august 2012 2 years 2 months
 managing the it infrastructure including it support operations
 providing technical consultancy to the clients
 deployment of infrastructure at client sites analyzing current requirements and future forecasts.
 offering solutions based on requirements and infrastructure evaluation.
 server and os management
 firsthand practice with active directory using windows server 2003, 2008 & sbs 2003.
 handling exchange servers including exchange 2007 and exchange 2010.
 firsthand practice with dfs on windows server 2008.
 firsthand practice managing asterisk server using different tools and some in-house r&d.

it officer at dawnnews tv
january 2007 - january 2010 3 years 1 month
 performing duties as shift officer and managing monthly rosters.
 creating monthly reports for my team progress and achievements.
 meeting internal slas and ensuring that the team meets their metrics.
 providing technical support to on-premise and intranet terminals
 training junior staff and new hires to improve performance and results.
 scheduled health checks and routine monitoring for all the critical systems and servers.
 administering apple computers including mac pros, imacs, macbook pros, macbooks for managed
user environment and assigning specific rights to users as per the company policy and user
requirements.
 managing and providing support for apple and windows computers simultaneously and remotely.
 managing clients and policies for mail and domain using active directory and mdaemon for mail.
 installation and management of xserve for different services as afp, open directory, smb, printer
sharing,
 internet sharing, xgrid research only, and etc.
 installation of macos and other software as per different users’ specific requirements.
 windows installation and managing computers from domain, creating, and implementing policies.
 building up xraid and assigning specific rights to users as per requirements.
 dealing with ftp, footages sending/receiving and correspondence with the relevant department and
clients.
 creating and setting rights for ftp users/incoming traffic.
 administering octopus news.
 setting up users in octopus news news flow system according to their responsibilities. assigning
appropriate rights to all users.
 managing switches, creating vlans, keeping track of nodes from client-end to the switch.

more experience details are on my linkedin profile.


work experience


jan 2018- jan 2020        senior textile designer at arora by roma
▪ print and design constructing
▪ quality assurance of fabric at time of collection
▪ market survey for continues professional development
▪ reconciliation based on fabric
▪ product photographer
▪ communication to vendor.


sept 2017-oct 2017        internship at kohinoor textile mills limited rawalpindi
▪ observed the process of design development to screen development in
engraving department.
▪ quality assurance of fabric at physical laboratory department.
▪ observed the process of sample testing.
▪ assisted in conceptualizing, designing, creating, producing and product
development.


july 2014–aug 2014      internee at askari bank limited
▪ directly reported to the head cashier.
▪ observed the procedure of recording & processing terms deposits, fixed
▪ cash closing reports on a date-wise basis
▪ verified signatures on prior to cheques encashment.
▪ accounts:
▪ recording proper cash receipts in system under supervision of head
cashier.
▪ transfer of funds from one place to anotherpay orders and pay demands
▪ obc/clearing
▪ maintaining atm rolls date-wise.




