muhammad qasim
graphic designer


objectives


to obtain a challenging position that will allow me to
expand upon my education continue to accumulate
knowledge and to enhance my personality, skills and
career.


personal details

date of birth:
father:


contact




resume objective contact
client service with 8+ years of experience organizing
presentations, preparing proposals, contracts. handling client’s
briefs and getting it done with the concern department, majorly
handling client and design team.



skills


problem solving
adaptability
collaboration
strong work ethic
time management
critical thinking
handling pressure
leadership
client service manager
digital shift
from jun 2018 to present
industry: creative advertising agency
company profile: digital shift is one window solution for all your digital
marketing needs that encompass but not limited to internet marketing
solutions and online marketing services. our customized solutions are tailor
made for each client to improve their top and bottom line growth.
website: http://www.digitalshift.pk


experience



client service manager
firebolt 63
from nov 2016 to jun 2018
industry: creative ad agency
company profile: firebolt 63 is an agency which is handling creative and
digital side for clients, in which my job description was to handle the
clients directly for the design work that was supposed to be delivered , the
clients i had were some of the major clients of pakistan , which included
hardees, burger paints etc.
website: http://www.firebolt63.com
client service, shoot coordinator
black box concepts
from sep 2015 to oct 2016
industry: creative ad agency
company profile: black box concepts is and organization which is handling
the creative and social media for the clients, they are handling the websites
and doing marketing for the clients as well. my job was to handle five
major clients, along with that i was supposed to manage all the shoots, in
which had to arrange the models, make-up artist, locations.
website : http://www.blackboxconcepts.com.pk


computer proficiency


 office applications: ms word,
ms excel, ms outlook
 microsoft office tools word,
excel, visio, access
 ccna and ccnp


sales agent
bilkish associates, deira, dubai - uae
from jan 2014 to aug 2015
industry: telecom service
company profile: bilkish is an organization providing credit & debt
recovery services to various financial institutions and telecom companies
with a representation across 13 countries across the globe and 22 strategic
locations across india.
website: http://www.bilkish.com
customer representative
sheikh pipe mills – lahore pakistan
from jan 2012 to may 2014
industry: pipe manufacturers
company profile: shaikh pipe mills is a one of the manufactures of steel
pipes in karachi and lahore.
website: http://www.shaikhgroupofcompanies.com
business development officer
warid telecom – lahore pakistan
from june 2008 to aug 2010
industry: telecom industry
company profile: warid telecom is a 100% owned company of the abu dhabi
group and offers state-of-the-art telecommunication services at over 7,000
destinations in pakistan. warid telecom launched its cellular services in
pakistan in may 2005. as an organization, warid telecom prides itself in being
contemporary, approachable and constantly innovating. with achievements
ranging from having one of the largest postpaid bases, most loved youth &
prepaid brands, international roaming and nationwide coverage, warid
telecom's selection of value added services makes communication effective
and enjoyable

website: http://www.waridtel.com


professional summary



core competencies



i.com
superior university, lahore
2003-2005
participation in various activities
like sports, science fairs and quiz
competitions at school and
college level.

 a qualified professional with 8+
years of experience in client
service.
 proficiency in managing a team
 handling social media


 good communication skills, both
written and verbal
 good computer knowledge. 
good sales and marketing


references


available upon request.














zaib naveed
fashion designer
phone: 03324499487  email: zaibnaveed478@gmail.com
being a young and aspiring student i am to work with a highly reputed company to gain organizational
experience and knowledge where i can enhance my creativity, aesthetic sense and management skills.


interest


• sketching
• reading
• exploring


reference


• will be furnished on demand.



contact


+92 321 4223018
madiha.bakhsh@gmail.com

madiha  bakhsh  jawed



objectives



to sincerely submit my spirits and energies as fashion designer to ensure
efficiency & spark creativity in your organization. if you enable me, i will
productively contribute to any projects or procedures of the apparel industry
through my design concepts, broad knowledge and unique skillset alongwith a
satisfactory performance.


work


personal

details

religion:  islam
marital status:  single
domicile:  lahore
nationality:  pakistani
cnic no:  35201-1030311-2
date of birth:  02-11-1989
father’s name:  m. bakhsh jawed

page 2 of 3


work


references



available on request

•


executive summary:



academic

background:
pakistan institute of
fashion and design
bachelors in fashion
design b.des current
2019 - 2023
i am a design student
who looks at things with
a creative approach. i
believe that every good
design starts with an
even better story. so,
i'm here to turn your
thoughts and ideas into
visually astonishing
designs.

personal profile



father’s name:
date of birth:
cnic:
nationality:
marital status:






intrests



computing, teaching, book
reading, socializing, traveling,
reciting & bowling.







career objectives


good coordination abilities to engage people and build relationship with
them for the growth and betterment of the organization & having the
strong tact’s for development & implementation of the strategies.




references



available on request.




______________________________________________________________

a skilled professional having diverse experience of customer services, management and
marketing. possess strong communication and presentation skills and can contribute to an
organization being key team player.



workshops & training

training workshop “culture of excellence:
training workshop “a better everyday"
training workshop “the power of positive thinking"
training workshop "feedback and coaching"










bilal
ali



profile

textile/fashion designer
mobile: 03414315155
03184400593
email: bilalbaz91@hotmail.com
:
/in/bilal-ali-95a288a8



objective


to gain a challenging position in a
progressive textile designing house
where my designing skills and
experience will have valuable
application in the growth of the

mobile: 03090540557
email: ridaashahid1@gmail.com
rida shahid



career objective:

to have growth oriented and challenging career, where i can contribute my knowledge and
skills to the organization and enhance my experience through continuous learning and team
work.


area of interest:


 sketching dress designs
 developing skills about different software’s
 printing on fabrics using techniques


 volunteer work

 travelling and music


page 1 of 1
maham shaukat
graphic designer
+92.335.0768125 mahamshaukat@hotmail.com wapda town, lahore, pakistan

rabia mirza
sr. textile/ fashion designer
to work in a dynamic professional environment with a growing organization and utilize my creative and
innovative thinking for benefit of the organization and myself.
rabiamirza446@outlook.com 03237709311 lahore, pakistan


certificates

street/wall art projects 2019
2nd position at craft exhibition 2017
official event sponsor at express news 2017
best selling crafts 2016


interests


photography painting street art
sketching organizing art exhibitions
travelling


job responsibility



job responsibility

achievements/tasks

contact


e:  sehrish-sheikh@hotmail.com
www/behance.net/sehrisheikh
in:  sehrisheikh
p:  +92 343 4665110
s ehr ish
sheik h
visual  communicat ion
designer
lahore,  pak istan 2013
a-plus network
set & concept design.
set designer

page 1 of 2
moazzam baig
lead designer/creative director
+92.332.4849949 artistic.moazzam471@gmail.com gulberg 3, lahore, pakistan


summary

hi,
i am happily working in design fields.
such as art direction & design, that representme.
a pencil dot to complete concept and a digital pixel to complete design and execution. .


contact



sardar ijlal haider
design lead at https://www.usmclothing.com/
curiosity is my nature. i am not only design patterns or textiles i really love to design the
whole fashion value chain. my skills are given below
• producing concepts
• making sketches by hand or on the computer
• developing patterns
• overseeing production
• analysing trends in fabrics, colors, and shapes.
• sourcing suppliers
• selecting and buying fabrics and trims
• adapting existing designs for mass production
• supervising the making up of sample garments
• quality control.


projects


photoshoot art direction monarchy ™
https://monarchy.pk/
photoshop, mind map, decorative objects ,wall hangings, models, lights,


work history

https://www.usmclothing.com/ dec 2018 - mar 2021   2.3 years
design lead lahore, pakistan
i am working as a lead textile designer at usm clothing my responsibilities are.
• producing concepts
• making sketches by hand or on the computer
• developing patterns
• overseeing production
• analysing trends in fabrics, colors, and shapes.
• sourcing suppliers
• selecting and buying fabrics and trims
• adapting existing designs for mass production


contact info

+923345360923
sijlalhaider007@gmail.com✉
https://www.usmclothing.com/
51b street no 13 paracha street
shah jamal lahore
lahore, pakistan



 awards

best theatre actor | 2013


industries

textiles/garments


functional areas*

creative design


summary

graphic  design  specialist  with  3+  years  of  experience  in  the  management  of  the  complete  design  process,  from
conceptualization to delivery. skilled with adobe creative suite photoshop, illustrator, xd & premier rush.
i love to design web layouts, brand guidelines, brand identity & stationary, creative brand logos, banners, brochures, flyers,
product labels, business cards, letterheads & other print collateral.

graphic
designer
profile achievements


interests/ hobbies




software


walter ad agency as a graphic designer
in creative dept ------- 2 months internship
logo design, drawing, typography, digital
art, web design, campaign design
having a love of good design
understanding of typography & principles
of design
good team player and ability to work in groups
to complete a desired task
conceptual work, promotional ideas, layout skills
extensive research for projects
sigma refrigeration pvt ltd as a graphic
designer in creative dept ------- 1 year
fruitien as a graphic designer
in design dept ------- 2 years
certified for calligraphy exhibition at
alhamrah art council
2nd position in documentry pyf 2014
as a group project
member in british council
certified for spring festival
certified for painting competition
learning
lahore college for women university, lahore
bfa graphic design 2011-2015
lahore college for women university, lahore
intermediate h.economics 2011
div i s iona l  pub l i c  schoo l  & in te rmed ia te
college, lahore
matric science 2009
whimsical as a graphic designer 3 months
enablers as a graphic designer current
i’m available to work
graphic designer, self motivated with 4+ years of
experience in the field. i have worked extensively
to produce a project from concept to completion.
a team player, looking to develop my skills. i like
to learn new things and looking for the opportuni-
ty to join a creative team of designers to grow my
knowledge further in the field of graphic design.
madiha bashir
fashion designer
a fasion designer with a keen interest in cad, fashion sketching, pattern making, draping
sewing. i'm able to handle multiple task on a daily basis. i’m always energetic to learn new skills.


projects


+92 305 414 2946 madi9871@gmail.com

noor-ul-ain haider
team lead fashion


contact




awards i  honors

campaign designs
nishat saawan range
july 2015
dcan's honor list
2011
studied on scholarship
2008-2012


objective




work experience

mpkstud!o
sapphire i gulahmad i mahpara khan sept 2017 - jan 2020
team lead fashion
origins ready to wear
nov 2016 - sept 2017
senior fashion designer
firdous cloth mills
jan 2016- nov 2016
senior fashion designer
nishat linen
june 2014 - jan 2016
fashion designer
4bnf
march 20 1 3 -  june 2014
team lead fashion
kayser!a
june 2012 - nov 2012
textile designer
0332-4231883
nooray.h@gmail.com
house # 340. sector-b
street # 30, askari 1 1
lahore
seeking a career oriented job where i am cxposed to new challenges
everyday so that i can enhance my skills to    the fullest and produce the
best out of them. i believe in creating something new  yet leaving an
impact in whatever i design. i would define myself as a consistent,
loyal, ambitious, smart and a confident individual.
exhibitions internships workshops
thesis external juror
nairang trilingual dialogue-1
university of management and technology
exhibited artworks at alhamra arts council
sialkot
oct20111junc2011
junc2019
daachi arts and crafts


reference


available on request

graphic designer, 2d n 3d animator
i am a freshly qualified postgraduate creative designer with
highly developed communication and learning capacity to do
work for grooming myself in this field. i have an artistic ability
of painting, sketching, designing and animation. i have well
knowledge of soft wares which are mentioned under and
passionately wishing to utilize these skills in a professional
setting.



personal




hobbies:

music.  movies.
games.  shopping.
designing. sleeping.




reference


available  on  request.






awards

certified frontend designer by peak
solutions
certified graphic designer by ips uni


research & projects


• copywriting - poem
wrote a poem on history of art movement
‘the bahaus’
• campaign design
designed a campaign on dalda olive
oil using paper quilling technique and
symbols of ancient times
• packaging redesign
proposed unilever new, functional
and aesthetically appealinng
packaging designs


profile

“as an ambitious and hard-working individual, i take great pride in design
work i create and always strive to deliver an effective, focused and on-
target product. i can handle multiple tasks  on daily basis competently,
working well under the pressure. my career goals are to continue
education and skills to benefit an organization. i would welcome the
opportunity to discuss my suitability in more detail.
cgpa: 3.48


after hours


about


my goals are achieving the best experience in the
industry and provide my services with full enthu-
siasm and bolster up to my optimum best to industry
and firm.


profile

creative and self-taught talented individual with 2 years of experience
in graphic designing. with hands on experience in handling many simul-
taneous creative design projects. in search of oppurtunity to enhance
customer engagement through my vigilant attention to emrging social
media outlets and my awareness of the latest social media trends.
seeking to secure an exciting and challenging graphic designer position
in your organization to utilize my passion using creative ideas of ever
changing and demanding industry.


contact




certifications


fundamentals of digital marketing
manager, customer success at musharp
lahore district


summary

i look  forward  to joining an organization  that provides me career
growth and a
challenging  work  environment.  an  organization  where  i  can
develop  a  long-term  career  with
and a role that always keeps me on my toes, is highly dynamic, has
a high learning curve and
challenges me on a daily basis.

a highly talented, driven and flexible graphic designer with a proven record of delivering creative and
innovative design solutions. a proven ability of developing projects from inception through production
to final delivery, ensuring that all work is effective, appropriate and delivered within agreed timescales.
able to work as part of a team with printers, copywriters, photographers, other designers, account executives,
web developers and marketing specialists.
now looking for a suitable graphic designer’s position with an ambitious and high profile company.
sadia javaid hashmi
graphic designer


contact


t .+92-324-4611372
e . sadiajavaid51@gamil.com
volunteer at sarir e khama international calligraphy conference
volunteer at arathorn
participated in world’s longest painting held in lahore
participated in world’s longest poster day held in lahore
2016


summary

graphic designer resume template.  highly creative and multitalented graphic designer with extensive experience in
multimedia, logo design, animation and video design . exceptional collaborative and interpersonal skills; dynamic team
player with well-developed written and verbal communication abilities.


projects


solution surface
http://www.solutionsurface.com
solution surface company website design


objective:


to enhance my working capacities, professional skills, business efficiencies and to serve my organization
in best possible way with complete determination and commitment.



achievements:



 merit certificate awarded by daraz.pk in appreciation of commitment to self-development in
knowledge, skills and attitudes.

 merit certificate awarded by daraz.pk in appreciation of achieving best csats for the year



reference:


furnished upon request.

industry knowledge

✓ customer services/experience ✓ customer satisfaction/retention
✓ operations management ✓ project management
✓ business development ✓ project planning
✓ business analysis ✓ financial analysis
✓ consumer behavior ✓ business strategy
✓ market research ✓ international marketing
✓ branding ✓ sales & online sales
✓ brand awareness ✓ digital media
✓ ecommerce ✓ digital marketing


other skills


✓ elevators & escalators ✓ services marketing
✓ organizational behavior ✓ growth marketing
✓ enterprise marketing ✓ ad serving
✓ outdoor marketing ✓ social media marketing

career experience & achievements

greaves pakistan pvt ltd – ghulam farooq group of companies www.gfg.com.pk
sr. manager sales & operations – june 2020 to present
▪ responsible for sales & operations related to elevators & escalators of otis elevators www.otis.com in
punjab & islamabad, as my company is authorized dealer of otis elevators usa in pakistan.
▪ projects of otis elevators usa; synergy health shift, gulberg, lhr. penta square dha project, phase v,
dha, lhr.
▪ projects of sodimas elevators france; government medical college & hospital, gujranwala.

h.a.s elevators www.haselevators.com
manager marketing – april 2015 to may 2020
▪ best employee award for 2016 & 2017 at h.a.s elevators as i reduced the marketing as well as administration
cost of the company by 60% each year along with increase in annual revenue by 30%.
▪ introduced & developed product ids, that helped company to present their products what required.
▪ introduced new & creative marketing tools digital media, e-mail marketing and other atl & btl activities.
▪ developed standard operating procedures for marketing, customer service, international communication &
business development.
▪ introduced after sale services that creates positive word of mouth for company.

warid telecom pvt ltd. currently jazz, pakistan www.jazz.com.pk
customer services representative – sep 2009 to march 2015
▪ employee of the month in october & november 2013 out of 600 employees
▪ many times, in top 30 employees list of monthly psm out of 600 employees
▪ promoted;
prepaid to 789 queue, 789 to postpaid queue, postpaid to platinum queue priority services, platinum queue
inbound to 4g-lte project outbound

standard chartered bank pakistan ltd. www.sc.com
phone banking officer – oct 2008 to sep 2009
▪ member of phone banking team who become no.1 i-banking sales team 2009
▪ many times, in top employees list of monthly psm

h.a.s engineers
operations & production officer – sep, 2007 – july, 2008
▪ implemented a new process that streamlined daily procedures and reduced average processing time by 2
hours.
▪ superbly led over 35 personnel to exceed standards while accomplishing our organization's mission and


objective






reference



▪ will be provided on request.


contact




top skills

customer service
sales & marketing
communication
anager
lahore


summary

qualified customer service and client relationship manager with over
5 years in fast-paced customer service experience and call center
environment.
as a customer service representative i am personable good at
building loyal relationships, resolving and helping resolving the
problems, assisting colleagues and increasing sales. i also excel
in listening to customer needs, articulating product benefits and
creating solutions that provide value to the customer. as a client
relationship manager, i've understood and pinned "attention
to detail", "ability to understand process needs and workforce
management" and "client satisfaction" to my professional wall .

saad rais                                                phone: +92-345-4040842
fashion designer                                                 email: saad.rais123@gmail.com
address: house-157, ghauri
block, sector-b, bahria , lhr



career objective:

looking for a position in a fashion based company, where i can implement my
best creative, design and management skills for the betterment of the
industry.



hobbies:

• sketching
• instagramming
• music/movies
• photography
• traveling



references available on request















laraib fatemah
ph#:0306-0227498   e-mail:laraib.fatemah@gmail.com


objective


to secure a position in the textile & fashion design industry where i can learn advanced design techniques and
gain knowledge of industry best practices.


projects:


▪ portfolio of dyeing & printing
o created thematic textile art designs.  mood board inspired projects
o developed art designs on fabric using screen printing, block printing, shibori and batik technique.
▪ portfolio of fashion illustration
o created figure drawings.
o achieved fashion illustrations through elements & principles of designs, garment details and through
source of inspiration using oil pastels, poster paints, crayons, water based pencil colors, embossed paints,
acrylic paints, oil paints and 3d techniques.
▪ portfolio of draping
o draped fitted & ease pleat blouses, basic darts, yokes, collars, skirts & sleeves.

▪ portfolio of art & design
o created art appreciation pieces based on principles & elements of art formal balance, informal
balance, radial balance & texture
o performed a study of color wheel color wheel, color schemes, value, intensity, advancing
& receding colors and warm & cool colors
honors & certifications
high achiever's medal in matriculation 2010
presbyterian education board lahore, pakistan.
major reports:
▪ thesis:
o developing adaptive clothing features for children suffering from cerebral palsy through color
therapy.
▪ marketing exhibition for le frères  3 days


reference:


available on request.

contact




about me


a mixture of right brain creativity
and left brain logic. i have a passion
for web & graphic design because it
combines artistic imagination with
analytical problem solving. i’m
dedicated to creating designs that
sets the client apart from their
competition and provide the
functionally that is to their business.
games ui designer2018 feb-continued
internee graphics designer2018 jan-feb


address

phone
e-mail
1st. january 1995
date of birth


hobbies



about me


hi, i am shahzad ahmed and i am graphic
designer and working in designing field
since 2003.
working gives me a lot of skills and experi-
ence that i believe make me best suited for
the job position that is being offered with a
position of graphic designer. highly
creative and multitalented graphic design-
er with extensive experience in print
design. exceptional collaborative and


summary

experienced professional having working experience including planning, designing, implementing, managing
enterprise solutions based on microsoft and associated technologies.
good verbal/written communication and presentation skills. capable to delve into the new leading
technologies and ability to extract and convey information at all levels. capable to manage and motivate
people, identify problems, and drive projects to successful conclusion.


specialties:


 plan and implement projects and products
 defining project scope, goals & deliverables
 evaluating potential risks
 working on multiple projects simultaneously


personal               sehrish sheraz butt
information:               house number cb712-c, lane no.5,
st no.6, main peshawar road rawalpindi.

00923325462733

sehrish.butt06@gmail.com




communication skills


• good communication skills gained through my experience of working
with different organizations.
• excellent in dealing with customer queries in one to one meeting and
over the phone as well.

job-related skills


acute eye to detail valuable team player
dedication time management
accountability hard working
team leadership problem solving

reference available upon request
